The Joe Rogan experience.
There's so much stuff that we kept from the story that, that if I told you,
you wouldn't believe me now, when it came to the movie, we,
we filmed it around the gun fight. Like what? So we filmed it, the,
the movie around the gun fight, cuz that's when everyone was alive, I was like,
you shouldn't have known that I was gonna be the guy that make it out when they
were picking the actors. I,
so if you get somebody like an A-list actor and then everybody they'll know t
hat, that he's the one that made it out. I was like,
when you're watching the movie, you shouldn't know that.
Of course Hollywood does kind of, kind of, kind of does their own thing.
But
the craziest part about that whole operation was getting me out of there.
And that wasn't in the movie and the movie, they did it, daylight,
daylight extract,
like they came in landed and a couple shots and they got outta there and real
life. It wasn't like that. It was unbelievable. I mean,
it was a night and the, I mean the world was blowing up.
We were in this like a volcano, like sitting in the middle of this volcano.
And I remember looking down the Mount there, there was a,
there was a river running down. I mean, it looked like miles down
and they had moved me. They had to carry me. I couldn't walk. And they,
they kinda like, and they, they, we would stumble over the green bras Rangers.
It was a hodgepodge. Let me tell you something.
When them guys showed up to rescue me, when they found me, I was laying in a,
in a river bed, dried up, tucked under a rock. They, the,
the villagers had shoved me underneath this rock.
And there was this one guy I had never met before.
And he was sitting there listening to a AMFM radio
and he was scrolling through the channels. We hand those out for morale,
like the, the us military handle those out. And he had one of 'em.
I recognized it.
And he was list to the different channels and I could recognize the different
languages, German, Japanese. And he was like, Hey, they're talking about you.
And I was like, okay, I didn't know who he was.
He was kind of messing with me a little bit, cuz I, I couldn't move. And he,
he had this sting anyway, it's not important. And then, um, then the,
the Google love and a couple of the, a, the villages came and, and picked me up.
They had to carry me everywhere. And they were, why, why did.
They save you? Cuz in the movie it's confusing.
It is cuz in the movie it's like these guys save you and you don't,
you don't know why they're saving you.
When he found me, they have to fight the Taliban. Yeah.
Can you believe that crazy. So I had been crawling for a day and some change.
I was like crawling through the mountains and I,
I had somehow some way got to the top of this Ridge line. I was so thirsty.
I mean, I,
but I had thought about this.
There's an insanity that goes with thirst. I was so in, I was so thirsty to,
I was willing to kill anything to get water. I was go, I mean,
you can't even believe it. I was drinking my own urine, my own blood,
nothing would Quin the thirst. God hadn't thought about this in a while.
And I got to the top of this Ridge line and there was a waterfall and I,
I was trying to slide down into it. I was like,
I'm just gonna go down in here and I'm gonna hit that water and it's gonna be
something grit to drink. So I tried to slide down, I just took off.
I got UN uncontrollably and I started sliding.
I rotated upside down and I remember looking over and my rifle was sliding
beside me. I couldn't throw that thing away. It was like,
every time I I'd lose it, one of my boys was like, Hey, you're gonna need this.
And I flipped into upside down over backwards into the river. And then my,
I remember my knees hit me in the face and it knocked me out again.
And I was kinda, I mean, I was, I was blobbing mess, everything was broken.
And I, I rolled over and I remember kind of sitting on all fours.
I picked my head up and I looked up there was that water fountain there.
And I remember sliding down, this is the craziest thing,
God hadn't thought about this.
And I remember seeing this little pool of water and I was like, oh,
that'd be a great place to get something to drink. <laugh> so I climbed,
I crawled back up into this thing and I leaned into that waterfall and I
remember washing my face and hands. My gloves were, um,
I had gloves on the mechanic gloves and all the fingers were ripped out and the
palms were ripped out. So I just kinda, and uh,
it was the best water I ever had. I'll never forget it.
It was cold. And uh,
I was hurting real bad and I remember hearing somebody screaming at me and I
kind of turned around and over my shoulder,
there was a guy standing there looking at me, pointing at me.
He was like Taliban Taliban.
So I swung around with my rifle and then all of a sudden
behind me again, there was, I could hear someone screaming at me.
They're like he and they were.
And I look up and there was this guy standing on the hill that I just fallen off
of, but he didn't have a weapon. He was just pointing at me.
And then there was some guys on the Ridge line moving around. They had weapon.
I saw him. So I turned back around and I, I kind of started to crawl.
I was like, man, I was in a channelized area. It was kind of bad. And I,
I remember I was leaning against this rock. I was sitting on my, my butt.
I had my rifle, man. I was breathing. I couldn't breathe.
I'd bitten my tongue in half. And I, I was like, that was a crazy story.
But the guy screamed at me again. I turned around to shoot and he,
he saw me and he, he duck behind this rock. And then, I mean,
right over my left shoulder, probably 30 yards, not even that
I hear American American and I kind of turned around and it was, uh, Gulla.
One of the main villages who rescued me and I turned,
don't know I had my gun at my hip. My safety was off.
My tension was outta my trigger. And he was kind of looking, I mean,
we were staring at each other straight in the eyes and I, I mean, I was like,
like death, you know how you can smell death when it's there. I was like, man,
okay, let's go. And uh,
I don't know why I didn't kill him.
I don't know why I didn't didn't have to even go to my shoulder to kill him.
I mean,
I had the tension outta my trigger and I was just sitting there looking at him.
He was looking at me and he was, he wouldn't say,
he said American a couple times. And then he said it again. I was like Taliban.
And he was like American.
And then he kind of put his hands up and I came off my trigger kind of want to
kill him.
And he started walking down on me. He's like, okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Shampoo,
hydrate, shampoo, hydrate. That's what he is telling me. Shampoo, shampoo.
<laugh> that's what he said. Two English words. You knew. I was like shampoo,
hydrate. You know how good that sounded. I was like, bro,
I would love some water. And if you wanna wash my hair, <laugh>, it's so funny.
So if you ever get into a bad situation and you're about to lose your mind,
just say shampoo and hydrate and you'll be fine, dude. And I'm like,
can you believe that? That's what he said to me. That's crazy.
And I dropped my muzzle down and he walked up on me and I pulled a grenade out.
<affirmative> I pulled the pin. Don't ever do that. And I, I was gonna like,
if you try something, I'll just kill us all. I don't care.
But then he kind of rolled me over and he's like, it's okay. I got you.
You know, I could just tell, you know how, when you can tell like, Hey man,
I got you. I fricking got you.
You can feel that like you can feel if someone's like, Hey man, I, I, I got you.
And then I'm gonna Jack you up later. And this guy was like, man, I got you man.
And, and I reppin that grenade. I'll never forget. I was like,
I heard you're not supposed to <laugh>. I mean, there was so much crazy stuff.
Anyways, all these kids came running out from everywhere and they picked me up.
I couldn't walk. And they carried me down, started carrying me down the,
the Ridge line into the, into the valley. And there was a village down there.
And then the kids and everybody, they were laughing and,
and whatnot and pulled me into this room and they started kind of doctoring.
They doctored me up, stopped my bleeding, patched me up,
gave me all the water I could drink.
And then the Taliban came in after that and then snatched me up.
But so how much of what, what was in the script?
I know you didn't see the movie,
but how much of what was in the script was accurate?
Every bit of it, everybody died like in the movie.
When you see those guys falling down a mountain looks cool.
Imagine going past cool. To when it looks like chaos,
imagine playing your favorite sport on the side of a mountain.
When people shooting at you, it didn't look cool. I was like,
it looked horrific, sexy. I mean, I, I, it was terrible. I mean like,
cuz getting ripped apart and like we would come in and the guys would just be
like, man was shot in the face and it was kind of,
his eyes were gone and I, I like, I'm a medic.
Some of 'em were bad. Some of 'em was bad, but then,
you know, I was like, I, I don't didn't know what to do. I just started,
I never knew what to do. Isn't that crazy? I was like, man, it's well trained.
I was like, got my in a pickle. I couldn't get out. I didn't know what to do.
And I would just sit there and there'd be times when I, when I would talk,
think about my brother and all my buddies. I was like, Hey man,
you guys don't stupid. I'm still here. Come get me.
And then I could see aircraft flying overhead. And I was like,
right I'm right here. And they would just keep lying.
And then someone was trying to kill me.
Like a wall would blow up or a bullet would sit through the wall and then they'd
have to move me, man. It was a hell of a week. It was rough.
They left me in this hole for a while. They buried me. And uh,
I was like, man, I'm a foreign man, a foreign land. Everybody's dead.
And I mean who, who, who, who knows where I'm at? I was in hell.
I was literally in hell. And if it wasn't for them, I mean, and that,
and the way that whole thing worked out, I, I,
it's funny when I talk about it, it's hard to wrap your head around it, right?
Like man, why, why am I even sitting here? Cuz y'all came and got me.
I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. When y'all showed up.
I signed up to be an expendable asset to die if necessary.
That was the sexiest thing I ever heard of. I was nobody. I, you know,
I have a specialist,
I was expendable asset and you worked till you become dependable and they'll
kind of keep you around. So when y'all showed up, I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe it. I remember talking to 'em. I was like, man,
I can't believe y'all made it out here. We were out in the middle of nowhere.
And then, and then, um,
the first time I ever got like scared was when they,
when they were with me and trying to get me outta there, I was like, Hey man,
I hope y'all can get me outta here. <laugh> is that selfish? I was like, man,
that's that selfish? Is it <laugh>? I was like, I sure would like to live man.
And they threw, I mean, it was a CRA to get me outta. There was the,
it's a whole different movie altogether. Those green BES,
those Rangers and P PJs that were on that plane that
on the heel of the pilots, like Spanky, he was one of the pilots, skinny.
When they came in, they came in to crash. You don't ever talk about that.
Like he had to crash that bird on the side of a mountain to get to get in there
and he did it. He didn't give a.
He's like watch this boom and just brought it in. I mean,
there was a gun fight going on from the top. And the bottom,
every aircraft we had in country was wagging like spinning overhead
the specs. That's a hand of God, you know, or the finger of God. I mean the,
the, the weapon rehab man, they can look down on you and just erase you.
And they got me outta there. I couldn't believe it.
I hadn't thought about that in a while.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.